To use paging in your own query methods,
you need to change the methods signature to return a page rather than a list,
and to accept an additional pageable parameter.
For example, when you add the pageable parameter,
and return a page object,
the following query method will be exported to an endpoint that looks like this.
A sample call would look like this, and remember,
you would then traverse using the previous and next links.
So let's look at this in action.
In the demo,
I will show you how to invoke a custom finder
method without paging for searching.
I will show you how to update the custom finder methods to use paging, and then we will tie everything together by using sorting.